This is the Fast-Track release of the Coastal Climate Core (CoCliCo) Services platform. The CoCliCo platform has been developed by Deltares in cooperation with the CoCliCo partners. It will be an open-source web platform informing users on present-day and future coastal risks by providing indicative data, which is intended for layman as well as professional specialists and researchers.

Users are presented with global data on coastal hazards through use of our multi-data viewer. The datasets included will eventually be subdivided over different themes, which can be selected on the left-hand side of the screen. For now, all datasets are present under the 'CoCliCo' theme and originate from the [LISCOAST project](https://data.jrc.ec.europa.eu/collection/LISCOAST). Further information on each dataset is provided by clicking the 'i' in the data selection menu.

Datasets can be visualized by using the the same selection menu on the right side of the screen. By activating the radial button, raster data can be shown. By activating the toggle button, vector datasets are enabled. By clicking on a vector location in the map, a dashboard will pop up on the left-hand side of the screen. Here, dedicated graphs (for instance time-series) will provide more detailed information. One can compare between different locations and datasets by 'locking' the graph and subsequently selecting another location on the map.

Under the 'Stories' button you will find the most recent news related to CoCliCo and a first user story on how data in the platform is used to obtain insights in regional differences in Sea Level data. If you want to find out more about this initiative, please visit https://coclicoservices.eu/ or click the 'Landing page' button at the top of the screen. If you want to collaborate or construct graphs yourself using our data, click the 'Workbench' button. This will take you to the GitHub page of CoCliCo where we prepared some examples as introduction.

Your feedback will help us to further improve CoCliCo. To provide your feedback, please send an email to etienne.kras@deltares.nl.
